# Universal Cross-Engine Testing Configuration
# This file provides common testing settings for all cross-engine VR adapters

## Universal Testing Settings

### Test Execution
test_execution_enabled = true
test_automation_enabled = true
test_scheduling_enabled = true
test_parallel_execution = true
test_timeout_default = 300.0

### Test Categories
test_categories = functional,performance,compatibility,usability,integration,regression
test_priority_levels = critical,high,medium,low
test_result_storage = json
test_report_format = html

### Performance Testing
performance_testing_enabled = true
performance_baseline_enabled = true
performance_regression_detection = true
performance_threshold_default = 0.1
performance_metrics = frameRate,frameTime,latency,memoryUsage,cpuUsage,gpuUsage,vrLatency,trackingAccuracy,renderingQuality

## Cross-Engine Testing Settings

### Engine Detection
engine_detection = auto
engine_override = none
test_adaptation_mode = engine_specific

### Quality Assurance
quality_assurance_enabled = true
test_validation_enabled = true
performance_monitoring = true
compatibility_validation = true
accessibility_testing = true

### Test Automation
automated_testing_enabled = true
ci_integration_enabled = true
regression_testing_enabled = true
performance_regression_detection = true

## Engine-Specific Testing Overrides

### RE Engine (Resident Evil 7)
[RE_Engine_Testing]
test_style = horror_atmospheric
test_priorities = atmosphere_preservation,jump_scare_compatibility,minimal_interaction,contextual_controls,horror_game_performance
atmosphere_preservation_test = true
jump_scare_compatibility_test = true
minimal_interaction_test = true
contextual_controls_test = true
horror_game_performance_test = true
atmospheric_audio_test = true
lighting_effects_test = true
particle_systems_test = true
horror_ui_adaptation_test = true
vr_comfort_optimization_test = true

### REDengine 4 (Cyberpunk 2077)
[REDengine4_Testing]
test_style = cyberpunk_open_world
test_priorities = open_world_performance,d3d12_compatibility,ray_tracing_support,quest_integration,cyberpunk_style
open_world_performance_test = true
d3d12_compatibility_test = true
ray_tracing_support_test = true
quest_integration_test = true
cyberpunk_style_test = true
world_streaming_test = true
ai_system_performance_test = true
vehicle_system_compatibility_test = true
network_features_test = true
brain_dance_compatibility_test = true

### MT Framework (Monster Hunter World)
[MT_Framework_Testing]
test_style = action_combat_focused
test_priorities = combat_performance,camera_conversion,animation_system,combat_mechanics,party_coordination
combat_performance_test = true
camera_conversion_test = true
animation_system_test = true
combat_mechanics_test = true
party_coordination_test = true
weapon_system_test = true
monster_interaction_test = true
quest_progression_test = true
weapon_mastery_test = true
armor_system_compatibility_test = true

## Universal Test Cases

### Functional Testing
functional_test_enabled = true
vr_rendering_test = true
camera_system_test = true
input_system_test = true
ui_system_test = true
audio_system_test = true
physics_system_test = true
animation_system_test = true

### Performance Testing
performance_test_enabled = true
frame_rate_test = true
latency_test = true
memory_test = true
cpu_test = true
gpu_test = true
vr_latency_test = true
tracking_accuracy_test = true
rendering_quality_test = true

### Compatibility Testing
compatibility_test_enabled = true
hardware_compatibility_test = true
software_compatibility_test = true
driver_compatibility_test = true
vr_headset_compatibility_test = true
controller_compatibility_test = true
os_compatibility_test = true
api_compatibility_test = true

### Usability Testing
usability_test_enabled = true
vr_comfort_test = true
accessibility_test = true
user_interface_test = true
control_scheme_test = true
motion_sickness_test = true
ergonomics_test = true
learning_curve_test = true

### Integration Testing
integration_test_enabled = true
uevr_integration_test = true
cross_engine_compatibility_test = true
plugin_system_test = true
memory_management_test = true
performance_optimization_test = true
ui_projection_test = true
motion_controller_test = true

### Regression Testing
regression_test_enabled = true
performance_regression_test = true
functional_regression_test = true
compatibility_regression_test = true
usability_regression_test = true
integration_regression_test = true

## Test Execution Configuration

### Test Scheduling
test_schedule_enabled = true
daily_test_schedule = 02:00
weekly_test_schedule = sunday_03:00
monthly_test_schedule = first_sunday_04:00
test_timeout = 3600
test_retry_count = 3

### Test Parallelization
parallel_test_execution = true
max_parallel_tests = 4
test_resource_allocation = balanced
test_priority_queue = true
test_dependency_management = true

### Test Result Management
test_result_storage = database
test_result_retention = 90_days
test_result_compression = true
test_result_encryption = false
test_result_backup = true

## Performance Testing Configuration

### Performance Baselines
performance_baseline_enabled = true
baseline_update_frequency = weekly
baseline_validation_threshold = 0.05
baseline_regression_threshold = 0.1
performance_metric_weights = frameRate:0.3,latency:0.3,memoryUsage:0.2,cpuUsage:0.1,gpuUsage:0.1

### Performance Monitoring
real_time_monitoring = true
performance_alert_threshold = 0.15
performance_degradation_detection = true
performance_optimization_suggestions = true
performance_trend_analysis = true

### Performance Metrics
frame_rate_target = 90
frame_time_target = 0.011
latency_target = 0.016
memory_usage_target = 0.8
cpu_usage_target = 0.7
gpu_usage_target = 0.8
vr_latency_target = 0.011
tracking_accuracy_target = 0.99
rendering_quality_target = 0.95

## Compatibility Testing Configuration

### Hardware Compatibility
hardware_test_enabled = true
cpu_architecture_test = true
gpu_compatibility_test = true
memory_capacity_test = true
storage_performance_test = true
network_capability_test = true

### Software Compatibility
software_test_enabled = true
os_version_test = true
driver_version_test = true
runtime_compatibility_test = true
api_version_test = true
library_compatibility_test = true

### VR Hardware Compatibility
vr_headset_test_enabled = true
oculus_compatibility_test = true
htc_vive_compatibility_test = true
valve_index_compatibility_test = true
windows_mr_compatibility_test = true
playstation_vr_compatibility_test = true

### Controller Compatibility
controller_test_enabled = true
oculus_touch_test = true
htc_vive_controllers_test = true
valve_index_controllers_test = true
windows_mr_controllers_test = true
playstation_vr_controllers_test = true

## Test Reporting Configuration

### Report Generation
report_generation_enabled = true
report_format = html,json,xml
report_template = default
report_customization = true
report_scheduling = true

### Report Content
test_summary_included = true
test_details_included = true
performance_metrics_included = true
compatibility_results_included = true
error_details_included = true
recommendations_included = true

### Report Distribution
report_email_enabled = true
report_webhook_enabled = true
report_storage_enabled = true
report_archive_enabled = true
report_search_enabled = true

## Continuous Integration Configuration

### CI Integration
ci_integration_enabled = true
ci_server_url = https://ci.example.com
ci_project_id = uevr_cross_engine
ci_branch_monitoring = main,develop,feature/*
ci_build_trigger = on_commit,on_schedule,on_manual

### CI Test Execution
ci_test_execution = true
ci_test_timeout = 1800
ci_test_parallelization = true
ci_test_result_submission = true
ci_test_artifact_storage = true

### CI Reporting
ci_report_generation = true
ci_report_integration = true
ci_notification_system = true
ci_status_dashboard = true
ci_metrics_tracking = true

## Test Validation Configuration

### Test Quality Assurance
test_validation_enabled = true
test_coverage_validation = true
test_result_validation = true
test_performance_validation = true
test_compatibility_validation = true

### Test Coverage Requirements
minimum_test_coverage = 0.85
critical_function_coverage = 0.95
performance_test_coverage = 0.90
compatibility_test_coverage = 0.80
usability_test_coverage = 0.75

### Test Result Validation
test_result_verification = true
performance_baseline_validation = true
compatibility_verification = true
regression_detection = true
quality_gate_enforcement = true

## Test Environment Configuration

### Test Environment Setup
test_environment_automation = true
test_environment_provisioning = true
test_environment_cleanup = true
test_environment_isolation = true
test_environment_monitoring = true

### Test Data Management
test_data_generation = true
test_data_validation = true
test_data_cleanup = true
test_data_backup = true
test_data_versioning = true

### Test Infrastructure
test_infrastructure_scaling = true
test_infrastructure_monitoring = true
test_infrastructure_backup = true
test_infrastructure_recovery = true
test_infrastructure_optimization = true

## Test Security Configuration

### Test Security
test_security_enabled = true
test_data_encryption = true
test_access_control = true
test_audit_logging = true
test_vulnerability_scanning = true

### Test Privacy
test_privacy_protection = true
test_data_anonymization = true
test_pii_handling = true
test_compliance_monitoring = true
test_privacy_auditing = true

## Test Maintenance Configuration

### Test Maintenance
test_maintenance_enabled = true
test_case_review = monthly
test_case_optimization = quarterly
test_framework_updates = quarterly
test_documentation_updates = continuous

### Test Optimization
test_execution_optimization = true
test_resource_optimization = true
test_performance_optimization = true
test_coverage_optimization = true
test_automation_optimization = true

## Test Documentation Configuration

### Test Documentation
test_documentation_enabled = true
test_case_documentation = true
test_procedure_documentation = true
test_result_documentation = true
test_maintenance_documentation = true

### Test Knowledge Management
test_knowledge_base = true
test_best_practices = true
test_troubleshooting_guides = true
test_training_materials = true
test_expertise_sharing = true
